# MJFF-Data-Community
Repository for code generated by the Michael J. Fox Foundation's (MJFF) Data Community of Practice (DCOP).

MJFF is seeking to foster an inclusive community of research data users who can more easily work with each other using data that have been generated in the search for a cure, treatments, and interventions for people living with Parkinson’s Disease. This is not a place for sharing the data directly—it’s intended to support conversations about how to access, use, and create persistent documentation about existing datasets.

Who is the community for?

The DCoP is currently in a pilot phase. Ultimately, the DCoP will be accessible to anyone with an interest in Parkinson's Disease datasets. Community participants will not be required to have pre-existing access to data, a specific technical background, or MJFF research funding, nor would participation be restricted to a specific data set or type. A neurologist from New York is as valued as a biostatistician from Beijing or a geneticist from Ghana.

What might DCoP members achieve together?

The DCoP aims to bring together individuals so that through knowledge sharing with one another you can:

-access data tools and guides in a more streamlined way - and troubleshoot challenges
-discuss and evolve shared principles around data sharing and reuse
-support your professional advancement
-be inspired by new research topics
-expand your collaborative networks

For more information, please contact: researchcommunity@michaeljfox.org.
rcop.michaeljfox.org
